just days before the launch of the 21st edition of the International Tournament
rock-on-yon basketball the sports plateau and now buckled
a plateau this year still particularly raised and which should
give rise to very high level matches
winner of the last two editions toronto will be the team to beat
madrid the red star of belgrade the lithuanians of vilnius and the czech
flap at least all about knocking her down
It must be said that the New York team is making a comeback in the
competition after several years of absence
to watch very closely
this American team this year she has a little history a little
particular since
she was to seize but she is sponsored by donated gordonne dumpster
who is a football player faf
the happiest
xavier and who made the tournament ten years ago in 1999
and for the record ten years ago that Bordeaux had lost against
turkish fenerbahce
in front of this impressive foreign armada
the two French teams look like little pups
when we finish in front had to return the vendee selection yet when
even to shake up the hierarchy
for orioles have hope for the two-wheeler far to reach the level
quarter-finals which is already a beautiful what is already a beautiful
success
and then yorba to do the best possible but it's true that it remains
still difficult
for all these young minors 2nd year in the first lines
it's also an opportunity to shine and show off
some may even be future great
there are several young players who have become famous now who are
gone through there by the tournament of rock-on-yon at the French level
can talk about 2%
of cédric ferchaud for example who plays who played hot the who plays
now to the ermine of nantes and then to such american players
that ben gordon racing by the crowd right away and then the pool of men
the players of my childhood and real estate in the usa
and players who currently ensures the clouds the sunny days of
best European teams
so rendez-vous Friday 2 pm sports hall to kick off the
international tournament
show assured from the first minutes and a lot of noise in
with in the galleries all the young people of the leisure centers of the country yonnais
in full